applications: nrf_desktop: Update ble_conn_params module documentation (#19424)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/doc/ble_conn_params.rst

Enable :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_USB_MANAGED_CI <config_desktop_app_options>` to manage Bluetooth connections' parameters reacting on the USB state change.
The connection intervals for all of the Bluetooth connected peripherals are set to :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_USB_MANAGED_CI_VALUE <config_desktop_app_options>` (100 ms by default) while USB is suspended.

> The connections' peripheral latencies are set to :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_USB_MANAGED_LATENCY_VALUE <config_desktop_app_options>` (1 by default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connections' peripheral latencies are set using the :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_USB_MANAGED_LATENCY_VALUE <config_desktop_app_options>`  Kconfig option (``1`` by default).
```

Author: This seems inconsistent with the previous sentence. Rephrased a bit

> The non-zero peripheral latency is used to prevent peripheral latency increase requests triggered by :ref:`nrf_desktop_ble_latency` used on peripheral's end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The non-zero peripheral latency is used to prevent peripheral latency increase requests triggered by the :ref:`nrf_desktop_ble_latency` used on the peripheral's end.
```
